1. Files

  renormal.c     function "Renormal" for fundamental matrix computation.
  renormal.h
  correct.c      function "Correct" for optimal correction of fundamental
                 matrix.
  correct.h 
  pdp.c          function "PDP" for standard deviation pair computation.
  pdp.h
  filedeal.c     functions for input and output.
  filedeal.h
  extra.c        tool functions for tensor computation.
  extra.h        
  main.c         main routine.

  Libs/          libraries for matrix/tensor computation.

  Makefile       make file.

  true1.data     input data for execution tests.
  true2.data
  noise1.data
  noise2.data

  true_out       output data for execution tests.
  noised_out


2. Compilation

  Run the "make" command in this directory. If things go well,
  you will see a command file "fundamental" in this directory. The
  compiler is assumed to be GNU g++.


3. Test

  Run
    fundamental true1.data true2.data > your_true_out
  and
    fundamental noise1.data noise2.data > your_noised_out.
  Compare "your_true_out" with "true_out" and "your_noised_out"
  with "noised_out." If both pairs are identical, the program is
  working properly.


4. Information for the programs

  For the information about "fundamental," refer to "fundamental.doc."
  If you want to incorporate the function "Renormal" and "PDP" into your
  own programs, see the codes in "main.c" as a reference.


5. Reference

  K. Kanatani, Statistical Optimization for Geometric Computation:
  Theory and Practice, Elsevier, Amsterdam, 1996.


6. Acknowledgments

  Program codes in the following book are used for various numerical
  computations including eigenvector calculation. We thank Haruhiko Okumura
  for making numerical computation codes publicly available without imposing
  any retractions on their distribution. 

  H. Okumura, Algorithm Encyclopedia in C, Gijyutsu-Hyoron-Sha, Tokyo, 
  1991. (ISBN4-87408-414-1 C3055)


7. Notes

  a. Please keep in mind that we cannot grantee our programs to be bug
     free.
  b. Please do not use our programs for commercial purposes.
  c. When you publish or present your work in which our programs are
     used, we are happy if you inform us so and publicly acknowledge so.


                                  Kanatani Laboratory
                                  Department of Computer Science
                                  Gunma University
